More readme (#31)
comit-network/hello-swap: README.md

Hello-Swap is an example project that shows how to build applications on top of the C( )MIT protocol using TypeScript.

Hello-Swap uses the [comit-js-sdk](https://github.com/comit-network/comit-js-sdk) to communicate with the API of the C( )MIT reference implementation [comit-rs](https://github.com/comit-network/comit-rs).

## How to use it

### Set up the environment

Docker is required to set up the environment.

> 1. Download and unzip the [latest release of create-comit-app](https://github.com/comit-network/create-comit-app/releases).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
0. Download and unzip the [latest release of create-comit-app](https://github.com/comit-network/create-comit-app/releases).  (Alternatively clone this repository and checkout the latest tagged release.)

All subsequent commands should be run from within the downloaded/cloned directory.
```

And the renumber the rest appropriately.
